I think I've had a lot of really good advice from a lot of different people
about my career in my life. Um, I think probably the best piece
of advice that I got was from one of my original mentors, Dr Meg White,
who I met when I was still doing my bachelor's degree. And she
so she's been with me through the whole, you know, graduate school
and post doctoral work and new faculty, uh, parts of my life. And she
advised me, And this was, I think, when I was either still in graduate
school or it was when I was in the early days of being a faculty
member and she advised me, Thio base my career path on what was right
for me, as opposed to what other people I felt that I should be
doing. And that has really helped me thio keep perspective about you
know what I am doing and how it is serving my life in general.